# Contributing to RSPET

This doc aims to expand on the ways someone can contribute to the project.

## Plug-in Development

Plug-ins provide new functionality to RSPET thus making it useful to a wider range
of users. So by developing a Plug-in, you help expand the project's user-base
and also assist users.

So if you have developed a a Plug-in for RSPET feel free to open an issue on the
project's [repository](https://github.com/panagiks/RSPET) with a title following
the scheme : `[plug-in][submission]<Plug-in name>` describing your Plug-in's
functionality and pointing to the repository it's hosted.

For more information on how to develop a Plug-in see [Developing Plug-ins](/dev)

## Test and report bugs

Occasionally, a bug slips through. It might be a typo in help text or an edge case
we missed. Since the project doesn't have the people (at the moment) to carry out
coordinated QA, it's not impossible to happen. So if you spot a bug in RSPET please
report it by opening an issue on the project's
[repository](https://github.com/panagiks/RSPET) with a title following the scheme :
`[bug][<module>]<brief description>` describing the steps that led to the bug's
appearance so we can recreate it and find its root.

## Contribute mechanism design and/or code

As you can see at the project's [TODO](/goals/#todo) there are a couple design
flaws that have to be dealt with. Also there are expansion opportunities that
require that new mechanisms are developed. So if you have a suggestion on how to
solve one of the design flows or how to implement one of the aforementioned
mechanisms feel free to open an issue on the project's
[repository](https://github.com/panagiks/RSPET) with a title following the scheme :
`[TODO]<description of problem solved>` describing the design of the mechanism
or the fix you are suggesting.

If you have already developed the mechanism or a fix (either as a proof of concept
or fully developed) feel free to open a pull request on the project's
[repository](https://github.com/panagiks/RSPET) with a title following the scheme :
`[TODO]<description of problem solved>`.

## Documentation

If you have any suggestions on expanding this documentation feel free to open an
issue to the [documentation's repository](https://github.com/RSPET/rspet.github.io).
